>> Kyle Simpson: Al right, let's look
at our second unit of discussion
under the three pillars.
The second pillar we wanna look
at is the scope system, and
specifically the closure system.
So we're not gonna go too
deep into this topic.
There's definitely a lot more to
go through both in the book, and
also there's a companion course to
this one called Deep JS Foundations.
If you wanna go further, I would
definitely recommend checking that out.
Wanna look just a little bit at this idea
of how scopes work, and what they mean for
how closure works in our programs.
So just to give you a quick, practical
definition, what does scope mean?
It means where the JavaScript
engine looks for things.
And the things that it's looking for
are these variables, these identifiers.
So when I say x equals 42, we need to
know where in the program to find x.
Where in memory, that is.
Where in memory is it, and what bucket
of organization does it fit into?
And the rules for that are called scope.
Same thing when I said console dot log y.
Not only do I need to look up console and
log, but I also need to look up y.
I need to figure out that variable.
Where does that come from?
Does it come from this scope?
Does it come from
a different bucket of scope?
So all the rules that go into figuring
that out, that's called scope.
>> Kyle Simpson: Looking
at this example code,
you'll notice that I have a line
one var teacher equals Kyle.
And then,
I have an assignment to a teacher variable
inside of our function on line four.
I say teacher equals Suzy.
Well, because there's no declaration for
a teacher inside of otherClass,
the rules of scope tell us that it's gonna
find the variable in the outer scope.
So line four is gonna end up pointing
at the variable out in the outer scope.
It says that's the area of
memory that we need to assign.
So when I've run the other class function
line nine, I've ended up changing
that line one teacher variable from
the value Kyle to the value Suzy.
That's part of what we mean when we
talk about scope, is the rules for
figuring out how variables get set.
Line one sets the variable
directly in the same scope, but
line four ends up crossing that boundary
of scope by assigning a teacher variable.
And when we looked it up, we found
it in an entirely different scope.
But then, when I set topic,
what's gonna happen with that?
Well, there is no topic declared
inside of otherClass, and
there's also no topic
declared in the outer scope.
And because this program is in
what we call non-strict mode,
it's in the sloppy mode as it's so
referred to.
Because of that, when I do the assignment
on line five to a variable that's never
been declared, that ends up creating
a variable in the same global scope.
It can't create it in otherClass.
Because of the rules of scope,
it creates it into the global scope.
So now we have both a teacher and
a topic that are out in the global scope.
Which is why, down on lines 11 and 12,
when we access both variables
by that name, teacher goes and
finds the value Suzy, and
topic goes and finds the value React.